I read your  research proposal. I caught some of the same editorial issues that I can see were identified by Mike.
Generally it is good. But, I do not think it goes far enough in selling the big picture issues in each of the proposed problem areas,
nor gives any clear indication for why these might be particularly relevant to a chemical engineer. What tools
from chemical engineering provide an uniquely advantageous framework for addressing these problem areas? What is
the connection with the field as a whole. If I were a chemical engineering undergraduate looking to select a graduate
school, why would I decide that these are areas that I should come to your school to work on with you? These are
the kind of questions that a chemical engineering department faculty search committee will be asking themselves as they
consider your application.

One thing you should do is be much more explicit about the big  picture unresolved issues in each of the three problem areas.
These are represented in a very low key way, but I think you need to discuss the "huge" problems that your research
is going to resolve. What is it about each of these three problem areas that should get me really excited. I do not think you do
enough to sell the areas. You give nice examples of problems within each that would be nice to solve, but if I am a faculty search
committee, I want to know what major steps forward are going to come as a result of your work. Once you have told us
about the big picture issues, you can tell us a bit about the detailed stuff that you are going to work on as a starting point
toward reaching these big objectives. Right now, you have a couple of sentences of very low key description, but that is not enough.
For example, what major problems or technological challenges are going to be resolved by developing a theory for flow of complex
fluids at high Reynolds number? What are some examples where the lack of such a theory is really causing issues?

Pretend that I am the head of some major funding agency and you have one chance to sell what you want to do. A "quiet",
low key approach is not going to do the job. You can't be totally crazy about where your proposed work will take you,
 but you have to sell the idea that there is a big picture set of goals too.

One other thing that is attractive for chemical engineering is the idea that there is an opportunity also to incorporate experimental studies
as part of what you might do. Whether you actually do that or not is a different question, but if you do not say anything about it,
and you are hired, you will never have the opportunity for facilities and even a lab that you can bargain for at the outset of
your career.
